update documentation (#371)
CodeIntelligenceTesting/cifuzz: examples/README.md

# cifuzz examples

> All of these examples are already setup with **cifuzz** so you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of these examples are already set up with **cifuzz** so you can
```
